@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\layout\fragment_backstack.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
alpha;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_enter_anim.xml
alpha;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_exit_anim.xml
alpha;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
alpha;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\layout\drawer_layout.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\layout\fragment_backstack.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
attr;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values\values.xml
attr;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
attr;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\attr.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\xml\library_file_paths.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\163\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\colors.xml
com.canhub.cropper.CropImageView;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\layout\crop_image_activity.xml
com.canhub.cropper.CropOverlayView;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\layout\crop_image_view.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\layout\navigationlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\layout\toolbar.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\layout\tabbar.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values\values.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\attr.xml
enum;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values\values.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\163\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-files-path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\xml\library_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\163\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
files-path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\xml\library_file_paths.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\layout\crop_image_view.xml
item;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\menu\crop_image_menu.xml
item;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\values\styles.xml
item;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\drawable\maui_splash.xml
item;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\styles.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\drawable\maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\drawable\maui_splash.xml
menu;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\menu\crop_image_menu.xml
merge;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\layout\crop_image_view.xml
microsoft.maui.controls.platform.compatibility.ShellFlyoutLayout;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_arrow_back_24.xml
path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_flip_24.xml
path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_rotate_left_24.xml
path;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_rotate_right_24.xml
paths;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\xml\library_file_paths.xml
paths;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\163\jl\res\xml\microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\layout\crop_image_view.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ar\values-ar.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-cs\values-cs.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-de\values-de.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-es-rGT\values-es-rGT.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-es\values-es.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-et\values-et.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-fa\values-fa.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-fr\values-fr.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-hi\values-hi.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-in\values-in.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-it\values-it.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-iw\values-iw.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ja\values-ja.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ko\values-ko.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ms\values-ms.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-nb\values-nb.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-nl\values-nl.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-pl\values-pl.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-pt-rBR\values-pt-rBR.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ru-rRU\values-ru-rRU.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-sv\values-sv.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-tr\values-tr.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ur\values-ur.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-vi\values-vi.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values-zh-rCN.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values-zh-rTW.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-zh\values-zh.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\values\styles.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\161\jl\res\values\values.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\attr.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\colors.xml
resources;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\styles.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_enter_anim.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_exit_anim.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
set;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ar\values-ar.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-cs\values-cs.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-de\values-de.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-es-rGT\values-es-rGT.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-es\values-es.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-et\values-et.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-fa\values-fa.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-fr\values-fr.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-hi\values-hi.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-in\values-in.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-it\values-it.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-iw\values-iw.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ja\values-ja.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ko\values-ko.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ms\values-ms.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-nb\values-nb.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-nl\values-nl.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-pl\values-pl.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-pt-rBR\values-pt-rBR.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ru-rRU\values-ru-rRU.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-sv\values-sv.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-tr\values-tr.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-ur\values-ur.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-vi\values-vi.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-zh-rCN\values-zh-rCN.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-zh-rTW\values-zh-rTW.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values-zh\values-zh.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\values\values.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\161\jl\res\values\values.xml
style;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\160\jl\res\values\styles.xml
style;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\values\styles.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\159\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_enter_anim.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_exit_anim.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
translate;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\162\jl\res\anim\nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
vector;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_arrow_back_24.xml
vector;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_flip_24.xml
vector;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_rotate_left_24.xml
vector;C:\Users\leandro.schmidt\source\repos\Android Native Demonstration\plugins\ImageCropper\obj\Release\net7.0-android\lp\155\jl\res\drawable\ic_rotate_right_24.xml
